[CDRIVER-5662] Tutorials for simple CRUD, and some more convience APIs (#6)
mongodb-labs/mongo-c-driver-async: docs/ref/status.rst

    type ``const char*`` with this name, which will contain the message from
    ``Status``.
  :param Status: Any expression of type `amongoc_status`.

  This macro is a shorthand for the following::

    char __buffer[128];
    const char* MsgVar = amongoc_message(Status, __buffer, sizeof __buffer)

.. c:macro::
  amongoc_if_error(Status, MsgVar, StatusVar)

  Create a branch on whether the given status represents an error. This macro
  supports being called with two arguments, or with three::

    amongoc_if_error (status, msg_varname) {
      fprintf(stderr, "Error message: %s\n", msg_varname)
    }

  ::

    amongoc_if_error (status, msg_varname, status_varname) {
      fprintf(stderr, "Error code %d has message: %s\n", status_varname.code, msg_varname);
    }

  :param Status: The first argument must be an expression of type `amongoc_status`. This is
    the status to be inspected.
  :param MsgVar: This argument should be a plain identifier, which will be declared within
    the scope of the statement as the :term:`C string` for the status.
  :param StatusVar: If provided, a variable of type `amongoc_status` will be declared within

>     the statment scope that captures the value of the ``Status`` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the statement scope that captures the value of the ``Status`` argument.
```

  .. function:: const char* name()

    :return: Must return a statically-allocated null-terminated string that
      uniquely identifies the category.

  .. function:: const char* message(int code, char* buf, size_t buflen)

    .. seealso:: User code should use `amongoc_message` instead of calling this function directly.

    :param code: |the-code|
    :param buf: Pointer to an array of |char| at least `buflen` long. This may be null
      if `buflen` is zero.
    :param buflen: The length of the character array pointed-to by `buf`. If this
      is zero, then `buf` may be a null pointer.
    :return: Should return a pointer to a :term:`C string` that provides a
      human-readable message describing the status code `code`. May return a null
      pointer if there is a failure to generate the message text.

    A valid implementation of `message` should do the following:

    1. If the message for `code` is a statically allocated :term:`C string` |S|,
       return |S| without inspecting `buf`.
    2. If the message |M| needs to be dynamically generated and `buf` is not
       null, generate the message string in `buf`, ensuring that `buf` contains

>        a nul terminator at :expr:`buf[buflen-1]` (use of ``snprintf`` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       a nul terminator. The written length with nul terminator must not exceed :expr:`buflen` (use of ``snprintf`` is
```

Clarify that `buflen` is an upper bound. I expect a nul terminator is not necessarily needed at `buflen - 1`.
